DOC-4279 : Add permissions parameter to space template configuration (#87)
exoplatform/exo-documentation: docs/SpaceTemplates.rst

| **bannerPath**          | ``string``                   | The path of the space banner file inside your extension war.               |
+-------------------------+------------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| **permissions**         | ``string``                   | The groups that have permissions to view and use this space template.      |
+-------------------------+------------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| **homePageApplication** | ``SpaceApplication``         | The application to use in the home page of a space.                        |
+-------------------------+------------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| **applications**        | list of ``SpaceApplication`` | The list of the applications that are installed by default to a new space. |
+-------------------------+------------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------------+

> .. tip:: The ``permissions`` parameter is a list of groups separated by ";" character.

Reviewer: member
```suggestion
.. tip:: The ``permissions`` parameter is a list of membership expressions separated by ";" character.
```

Reviewer: Does it accept simple group expressions without ":" ? such as "/platform/users"

Author: No, it must fit the format MEMBERSHIP:GROUP_ID
